Boston, MA – October 15, 2015  
Boston Millennia Partners is pleased to announce the addition of three new Venture Affiliates:  
Ed Straw, Jeremy Sohn and Jim Gunton.

Ed, Jeremy and Jim join the other distinguished members of our Venture Affiliate Program (VAP). The VAP supports the firm’s business objectives, including deal sourcing and portfolio company support, and is comprised of senior executives who have had extensive relevant business and investing experience.

Admiral Ed Straw is a highly experienced executive with deep knowledge of, and contacts in, the logistics industry. Ed had a distinguished career in the U.S. Navy, from which he retired as a three-star admiral, including service as Chief Executive Officer of the Defense Logistics Agency.  
Following this service, he held senior leadership positions at several Fortune 500 companies, including President of Ryder Integrated Logistics, and President of Global Operations for the Estee Lauder Companies.

Marty Hernon, BMP Partner and Odyssey Board member, said, “Ed is an extraordinary leader. As the Executive Chairman of Odyssey Logistics and Technology he has helped the company’s management grow Odyssey to be a large scale third party logistics company, implementing a buy and build acquisition strategy that added 14 companies to the Odyssey platform. Ed will provide great insight to our portfolio companies in the logistics and business outsourcing sectors.”

Jeremy Sohn brings a deep level of technical sophistication and healthcare investing experience to our team. Jeremy’s prior experience includes a Managing Director role at MPM Capital where he was responsible for a number of investments, including TrinetX, a clinical trial design and recruitment company, where he was a founder, and Clinical Ink which was acquired by CentrosHealth, which makes configurable mobile apps for clinical trial patient engagement.

Dana Callow, BMP Managing Partner, said, “We are fortunate to have Jeremy join our Venture Affiliate team as he has great knowledge and experience in the sectors where we are investing. Jeremy has an extensive healthcare investing background. He appreciates where the industry has been, where it is going and will no doubt identify and support investment opportunities the BMP portfolio in the future.”

Jim Gunton has a wide range of investing experience that will benefit BMP. Over the last twenty years, Jim has been investing in technology companies as a co-founder of New Jersey Technology Council’s Venture Fund and as a Vice President with Edison Ventures.

Frank Silva, Principal at BMP, said, “Jim has achieved exceptional results as an investor in emerging growth companies. With a 400% return on invested capital, his portfolio has seen significant growth and an excellent return for his investors. We look forward to working with Jim as he identifies investment opportunities for us in the healthcare information technology sector.”

David Carney  
Mr. Carney is an experienced health care executive having held a variety of leadership roles at both late and early stage companies. He is an experienced investor in seed stage companies and a serial healthcare entrepreneur who has founded or managed multiple early-stage companies including MegaSource (acquired by Cerner), CareInsite (merged with Healtheon), Sun Clinical Data Institute (internal start-up for Eclipsys) and Correlagen (acquired by LabCorp). Since the Correlagen acquisition, David has become active in three seed stage investment groups located in Massachusetts, North Carolina and California; and is chair or co-chair of the screening committee for two of these groups. These investor groups enable access to seed stage companies across the U.S. David is an active board member of several early stage health care companies. David holds a mechanical engineering and BMA degrees from the University of Michigan.

Patrick J. Fortune, Ph.D  
Dr. Fortune has over 30 years of experience in the healthcare, life sciences and information technology sectors including R&D, business development, manufacturing, information technology and general management responsibilities. He has been a Partner at Boston Millennia Partners since 2002. He was previously President and Chief Operating Officer of New Era of Networks (Nasdaq: NEON); Vice President at Monsanto; Vice President at Bristol Myers Squibb; Group President at Baxter International; and VP R&D at Baxter International. Dr. Fortune, currently serves on the board of directors of PAREXEL International Corp. (NasdaqGS: PRXL). He has been responsible for nurturing start-up activities from idea to prototype to standalone business and has been involved in some 30 M&A transactions from sourcing the company to closing the deal and ensuring successful integration. Dr. Fortune has also served on the engineering and scientific advisory boards of the University of Wisconsin, the University of Illinois, and the University of Chicago, and currently is Senior Market Sector Leader/Senior Advisor at Partners Innovations in Boston.  
Prior to Partners, Pat served as Senior General Manager, Portfolio and Commercial Transactions at Cleveland Clinic Innovations. He holds a B.A. from the University of Wisconsin, an MBA from Northwestern University, and a Ph.D. in Physical Chemistry from the University of Wisconsin.

Jim Gunton  
Mr. Gunton joined Boston Millennia Partners in 2014 to focus on healthcare technology investments. Mr. Gunton has been investing in privately held growth technology companies for more than twenty years.  
Before co-founding NJTC Venture Fund in 2001, Jim was a Vice President at Edison Venture Fund and a manager at Oracle Corporation in Silicon Valley. Mr. Gunton has served or is currently a Director of  
InstaMed, a health payments provider; IntegriChain, a data analytics vendor to the drug industry; Achieve3000, a provider of differentiated instruction to the education sector; Amber Road (NYSE: AMBR),  
a global trade management software developer; and CytoSorbents (NASDAQ: CTSO), a developer of blood perfusion immunotherapies. Jim is a former Governor of the National Association of Small Business  
Investment Companies. Mr. Gunton earned a BS from Stanford University and an MBA with distinction from Duke University.

Larry Hagerty  
Mr. Hagerty is currently a Venture Affiliate of Boston Millennia Partners. Previously he was an Operating Partner of Boston Millennia Partners, and in 2009, Mr. Hagerty was President of a BMP II portfolio company, MedAptus, where he oversaw all operations, including sales and marketing, development, implementation, support and finance. He first joined MedAptus as a member of its Board of Directors.  
Mr. Hagerty’s experience with healthcare information industry growth companies spans two decades, including 16 years with Medstat, currently a major part of ThomsonReuters Healthcare. He first served as  
the company’s President and Chief Operating Officer, and later as President and Chief Executive Officer. Under his leadership, Medstat – a leading supplier of analytical and benchmark databases, decision  
support solutions, and research services for all sectors of the healthcare industry – built an exceptional track record of revenue and earnings growth. In addition to his work at Medstat, Mr. Hagerty has also held  
a variety of professional and executive roles with R.L. Polk & Co., The Carroll Group, Hoover Universal, Gould, and Arthur Andersen & Co. Mr. Hagerty earned an MBA from the Amos Tuck School of Business  
Administration at Dartmouth College and a Bachelor of Science from Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute. During the course of his career, he has served on a number of private sector and not-for-profit Boards. He  
is currently a member of the Executive Council of the Department of Health Policy and Management at the Harvard School of Public Health, the Dean’s Advisory Council of the University of Michigan School of  
Nursing, and the Healthcare Advisory Board of the Frankel Fund – a University of Michigan sponsored venture capital fund.

Larry Miller  
Dr. Miller is an experienced healthcare entrepreneur and physician who has founded or managed nine early-stage companies including HPR (acquired by McKesson), PharMetrics (acquired by IMS), and  
Serenex (acquired by Pfizer). Recently, Dr. Miller was the co-founder, CEO and Chairman of Tetraphase Pharmaceuticals (NASDAQ:TTPH), a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company creating novel antibiotics  
for serious infections. He was also the founding CEO and Chairman of Activate Networks, a software company that applied sophisticated network science to healthcare questions (acquired by Decision  
Resources). Dr. Miller has also been an investor in over 15 healthcare companies while at Hambrecht&Quist Capital and the Mediphase Funds. He holds degrees from Harvard University and completed his clinical training at Massachusetts General Hospital.

Robert S. Sherman  
Mr. Sherman has been a Partner at Boston Millennia Partners since its founding in 1997. He has more than 20 years of experience financing and building successful companies. His previous private equity  
experience includes five years at Boston Capital Ventures and eight years as a General Partner at Hambro International Venture Fund. Mr. Sherman’s Director responsibilities for Millennia II have included Coapt Systems, a developer of novel soft-tissue fixation technology with a wide range of applications in plastic surgery and P&H Solutions, a provider of Web-based cash management software for financial institutions (acquired by ACI Worldwide (NasdaqGS: ACIW)). He has also served as a Director of MedSpan (acquired by Oxford Health Plans (NYSE: OHP); TriVergent Communications (now NuVox Communications); Intrado (NasdaqNM:TRDO); Kronos (NasdaqNM: KRON); UNIsite (acquired by American Tower, NYSE: AMT); Strato Medical Corporation; and Techmedia. Other investment responsibilities have included V-Span (acquired by Gores Technology Group) and Totality. Mr. Sherman served on active duty in the United States Navy and attained the rank of Lieutenant. He is a graduate of Amherst College and holds an MBA from the Harvard Business School.

Jeremy Sohn  
Mr. Sohn is a serial technology entrepreneur and venture capitalist. Jeremy was most recently a Managing Director at MPM Capital where he was responsible for leading MPM’s life sciences-focused digital innovation investment strategy. At MPM, Jeremy personally founded two companies: CentrosHealth (acquired by Clinical Ink in March 2015), a mobile, patient-engagement platform designed to improve the patient experience during clinical trials, and TriNetX, a federated network of clinical data warehouses that optimizes clinical trial protocol design and patient recruitment. Jeremy is a frequent speaker on digital innovation within healthcare and life sciences and is a member of the Advisory Committee for SMART Platforms.org, a public-private consortium developing an open source data interoperability platform that enables third-party application development and integration with EHRs. Jeremy graduated cum laude from Princeton University’s Woodrow Wilson School of Public and International Affairs, with a focus on biotechnology and medical policy.

Admiral Straw  
Admiral Straw is the Founder and Managing Director of Osprey Venture Partners-a firm that mentors young entrepreneurs seeking investment capital and assistance with business development. He is the former President, Global Operations of The Estée Lauder Companies, former SVP, Global Operations of the Compaq Computer Corporation, and former President of Ryder Integrated Logistics. Prior to joining the private sector, he had a distinguished 30-year career in the U.S. Navy, retiring as a three-star admiral.  
During his military service, Vice Admiral Straw was Chief Executive Officer of the Defense Logistics Agency, the largest military logistics command supporting the American armed forces. Admiral Straw holds  
an MBA from The George Washington University, a Bachelor of Science degree from Annapolis, and is a graduate of the National War College. He currently is a member of the prestigious Defense Science  
Board, Chairman of Odyssey Logistics and sits on the boards of: Performance Equity Management, Helius Medical Technologies and Capital Teas. He is a former board member of Eddie Bauer, MeadWestvaco, Ply Gem Industries, and Panther Expedited Services.

Satish Tyagi  
Mr. Tyagi is the founding partner of Delta Capital & Research, a consulting company offering strategic advisory services to companies in the health care services sector. Satish has invested in and provided  
financial advisory and consulting services for start-ups and growth companies in the HIT industry since 1990. He is credited with pioneering HIT Wall Street research analysis while spending over a decade with  
Jefferies and Cowen & Co. Most recently he was with Schroder Ventures (SV Life Sciences II & III) as a Venture Partner has board experience with various public and private companies. Satish is a graduate of  
Indian Institute of Management Calcutta and has an MBA in Finance from New York University.