2025 PROFILES
OF COMPANY
AWARDEES

2
Canyon Magnet Energy Inc. (Essex County, 4 Employees):
Canyon Magnet Energy Inc. is a Newark-based clean tech startup
developing superconducting magnet and cryogenic subsystems
that enable compact, energy-efficient systems for quantum
computing, medical imaging, power transmission, and energy
storage. Our high-temperature superconducting (HTS) platforms
reduce thermal losses, eliminate bulky current leads, and enhance
magnetic field stability—supporting cleaner, smaller, and more
sustainable technologies.
CarbonDots LLC (Mercer County, 1.2 Employees): CarbonDots
will scale and refine a novel graphite formation process
developed by researchers at Rutgers University. This innovative,
clean, low temperature process will be the first of its kind to
convert waste polypropylene into graphitic material. The process
was originally developed in 2023 and has been refined and
optimized to achieve >95% graphite end product, but it is still at
a laboratory-scale. This innovative process has been published in
a peer-reviewed journal and the material product of the process
has been characterized by industry standard methods to confirm
the graphite composition.
Cecilia Energy, Inc. (Essex County, 5.7 Employees): Cecilia is an
advanced materials company based in Newark, NJ that transforms
plastic waste into structured carbon nanomaterials using a
microwave-assisted reactor system. Our fully electric, modular
process upcycles hard-to-recycle industrial plastics into highvalue
carbon products such as graphitic carbon and multi-walled
carbon nanotubes (MWCNTs).
Clean Tech R&D Seed Grant Round 4
Awardee Company Profiles
Cero NJ LLC (Bergen County, 1.4 Employees): We are focused on developing
innovative AI-assisted hardware and software solutions for reducing emissions
and improving fuel efficiency in the heavy-duty vehicle (HDV) transportation
sector.
Coherent Photonics LLC (Middlesex County, 3.7 Employees): This project is
aimed at overcoming the limitations of optical interconnects with respect to
manufacturability and cost. It will demonstrate advanced light control
capabilities produced by nano-photonic interposers, differentiating them from
both traditional optical interconnects and silicon photonics assemblies.
Curbon LLC (Middlesex County, 3.1 Employees): Curbon is developing an
artificially intelligent software platform that automates life cycle impact
assessments to calculate the full environmental impacts of CPGs. The system
transforms raw product, supply chain, and inventory data – such as a product’s
bill of materials and production methods – into verified environmental impact
metrics including GHG emissions, water usage and pollution, and waste
production.
EV Buddy Inc. (Middlesex County, 1.4 Employees): EV Buddy Inc. proposes
to design, manufacture, and deploy pilot-ready prototypes of its innovative V2V
(Vehicle-to-Vehicle) Portable DC Fast Charger. This patent-pending device
enables one EV to deliver fast DC power directly to another EV, providing
immediate roadside support without the need for fixed infrastructure or towing.
The scope of this project includes redesigning the control board, fabricating a
weatherresistant and certifiable enclosure, assembling 2-4 production-ready
units, and validating them through pilot programs with roadside assistance
providers and EV fleets.

3
Fundamental Carbon Co. (Middlesex County, 2.1 Employees): Ouros
Materials has achieved Technology Readiness Level 3, successfully
demonstrating proof-of-concept for our breakthrough low-temperature
ceramic-polymer composite technology. We have established a process
of producing 2-diameter pucks and 0.5” diameter pellets that establish
baseline properties: high compressive strength (approx. 70-80Mpa),
high toughness, wood-like machinability with screwing ability drilling
ability, and strong screw-hold, fire-resistance, and CO2 uptake (~30-
50% carbonation by weight).
Metal Light Inc. (Essex County, 5.7 Employees): Metal Light is
developing a critical Metal Air technology that is clean, quiet, and safe
for portable power demands. Today, diesel-powered generators remain
the dominant choice for off-grid and backup power, despite their
significant environmental and health impacts.
 
NanoSepex Inc. (Somerset County, 2.4 Employees): Our innovation
centers on carbon nanotube immobilized membranes (CNIM), originally
developed at NJIT with funding from the NSF, U.S. Army, and EPRI.
NanoSepex was founded to commercialize this technology and has
received SBIR funding from NSF, USDA, and NIEHS. Key milestones
include: (1) establishing a membrane fabrication facility, (2) scaling the
process to laboratory scale pilot and completing three successful
industrial demonstrations, and (3) fabricating and testing a 2-gpm
explosion proof industrial scale pilot unit. Ongoing efforts are focused
on upgrading this system for real-world piloting. The current
technology readiness level (TRL) is between 5 and 6.
Noble Geofurnace (Monmouth County, 1.1 Employees): The Smart
Wind Turbine Residential is engineered for seamless integration with
rooftop solar panels, creating a hybrid renewable energy system that
maximizes on-site clean energy generation and increases household
energy independence. By addressing the limitations of traditional small
wind turbines, this innovation offers a structurally resilient, efficient, and
aesthetically compatible solution for homeowners seeking to reduce utility
costs and lower emissions.
Novtech LLC (Somerset County, 1 Employees):  I registered Novtech,
LLC, in 2022, to develop technologies for energy efficiency improvements
of chemical industry.  Chemical industry, using fossil fuel, spends
significant amount of energy on conventional energy in-efficient
processes such as distillations and extractions to produce chemical
products.  We have come up with an innovative process for energy
efficiency improvement by integrating reaction and separations to reduce
energy required in conventional processes for chemical synthesis.
PFASolve Inc. (Hudson County, 1.1 Employees): PFASolve Inc. is
developing a novel, field-deployable solution for rapid detection of
PFAScompounds in water. The proposed innovation has successfully
demonstrated proof of concept in the lab and is currently at Technology
Readiness Level (TRL) 3 and Commercialization Readiness Level (CRL) 2, as
defined by the NYSERDA TRL/CRL framework.
Queens Carbon, Inc. (Morris County, 21 Employees): Queens Carbon
was spun out of Rutgers University to commercialize breakthrough
cementitious material production technology. With foundational financial
grant (nondilutive) support from the Breakthrough Energy Fellows
program in 2022 ($4.5M Grant), the company successfully prototyped its
Q-System, built a world-class R&D team, and established its laboratory-
pilot facility.

4
Maternal and Infant Health R&D Seed
Grant Round 2 Awardee Company
Profile
Catalyst R&D Voucher Company Profiles
Curio Digital Therapeutics, Inc. (Mercer County, 8.6
Employees): Curio is developing an end-to-end platform to
improve women's behavioral health outcomes across the
lifecycle. The platform leverages AI-driven predictive analytics to
identify women at risk of common mental health disorders early
and ensure that they can access self-driven, evidence-based
behavioral therapy delivered digitally.
ACON Pharmaceuticals Inc. (Cranbury, Mercer County, 1.1 Employees):
ACON Pharmaceuticals is developing a proposed novel long-acting cariprazine
microsphere formulation. The development of this novel cariprazine
microsphere formulation holds significant clinical relevance for the treatment of
schizophrenia.
Advanced Technologies for Novel Therapeutics (Millburn, Essex County,
1.1 Employees): The company is developing a novel therapeutics for local
cancer therapy. This therapeutics belongs to the class of targeted therapies for
oncology indication. They have successfully passed most of its preclinical
development stage and are currently working on the last stages of IND-
enabling studies.
Aersys Inc (Edison, Middlesex County, 2.3 Employees): Aersys is developing
a high-density automated storage and retrieval system (ASRS) for retail
stockrooms. The ASRS stores retail inventory in large square bins, stacked into
dense grids. Robots can move in up to 3 dimensions to retrieve these bins and
bring them to processing stations when needed.
Afsartech (Rutherford, Bergen County, 2 Employees): Afsartech operates as
a company focused on developing dental sealer technology for the healthcare
sector. Its main product is an expandable dental sealer designed to improve the
effectiveness of root canal treatments by filling gaps and preventing leakage,
thereby enhancing patient safety and reducing the risk of infection.
APY Therapeutics (North Brunswick, Middlesex County, 1.2 Employees):
APY Therapeutics LLC is developing arylmyxopyronins--APYs--as novel first-in-
class oral treatments for lower-respiratory-tract infections and skin-and-soft-
tissue infections caused by Gram-positive and fastidious Gram-negative
bacteria, including by drug-resistant, multi-drug-resistant, and pan-drug-
resistant isolates.
SingletO2 Therapeutics LLC (Somerset County, 1.6
Employees): SingletO2 Therapeutics LLC develops novel
materials and systems that are used to treat water for aquaculture
without the use of harsh chemicals as well as to safely disinfect
wounds to promote wound healing without the use of antibiotics.
Skyraptor LLC (Burlington County, 1.7 Employees): The
company is developing a semi-autonomous, AI-powered robotic
system for the inspection, maintenance, and repair of onshore
wind turbine blades, eliminating the need for dangerous manual
labor and going far beyond drone-based inspections.
Zaic Design LLC (Mercer County, 10.2 Employees): Zaic Design
LLC is developing an advanced decentralized wastewater
treatment system called Bluefin Biofilter®, designed for
installations ranging from small to large residential properties, as
well as for emergency deployment.

5
AuraSense Tech Corporation (Newark, Essex County, 1.1
Employees): AuraSense brings access to neurological care to
those without access in healthcare for those that need it most by
using a proprietary holographic telehaptics hardware solution,
HapticsHealth™ that enables quantitative remote physical
assessments, interventions, and neuroscience-designed
engagement through multiplayer virtual worlds, augmented
reality experiences, and therapeutic games. 
 
BioTech Support Group LLC (Monmouth Junction, Middlesex
County, 4.9 Employees): The mission of the company supports
the growth in proteomic sample prep, with unique and
proprietary surface chemistries. They create new methods and
applications to drive efficient workflows and better data quality
for all downstream proteomic and biomarker analyses.
Discogen LLC (Harrington Park, Bergen County, 1.1
Employees): The company is developing a noninvasive
technology for the treatment of spinal disc degeneration. 
 
Endomedix, Inc. (Montclair, Essex County, 5.7 Employees):
Pre-clinical MedTech venture Endomemdix’s PLEXimine™ novel
chemistry platform can be tuned to produce 5 separate product
groups, including biosurgical devices that solve problems that
can’t be addressed by the legacy devices. Its PLEXimine™
technology uses starting materials with a history of use in FDA-
regulated products and imparts to them unique features and
characteristics. Its lead product, PlexiClot™ Absorbable Hemostat,
is fast acting and eliminates through technology the risk of
paralysis and reoperation due to device swelling.  
Eneira LLC (Hillsborough, Somerset County, 3 Employees): The
company focuses on development of advanced microfabrication
processes and wafer-level thin film deposition to create high-
performance microdevices with novel materials. 
EnergyBioCode LLC (Cedar Knolls, Morris County, 1.1 Employees):
EnergyBioCode offers advanced cell-based assays that closely replicates
physiological conditions using primary cells, that can accelerate the discovery of
effective therapiesthat support finding a cure for breast cancer. 
Favorite Pharmaceuticals Inc. (Edison, Middlesex County, 1 Employee): This
company is focused on the development of advanced conjugation chemistry
and targeted delivery systems as an innovative approach to improve drug
specificity and efficacy. 
K&J Design (Carteret, Middlesex County, 2 Employees): The company is
developing the UV Drink Locker, a self-sanitizing unit designed for installation
in public restrooms. It is a seamless integration that utilizes UV technology to
kill a vast majority of germs and bacteria, including E. coli, salmonella, MRSA,
and many others that are common in such settings. The activation is hands-free,
initiated by a simple hand wave, ensuring minimal contact and maximum
hygiene. The product represents not just a tool for cleanliness but a stride
towards health-conscious living in public spaces. 
Kathera Bioscience Inc. (Union, Union County, 5.5 Employees): Kathera
Bioscience, Inc. is a biotech startup company developing much needed, novel,
broad spectrum small molecule antifungal drugs against new enzyme targets
for which there are not currently FDA or EMA approved drugs. The company
currently has two antifungal programs in different stages of preclinical Research
& Development (R&D).
LockGuard LLC (Readington, Hunterdon County, 1.3 Employees): The
company is building home security products specifically designed for dorms
and apartments. It is a consumer-focused device that is portable, easy to install,
and affordable, with several use cases beyond those for apartment style
residences.

6
Macrotope Inc. (Princeton, Mercer County, 2.3 Employees):
Macrotope, Inc. is a biotech company that has designed and
produced a candidate vaccine for SARS-CoV-2 that has
demonstrated a robust and durable immune response in animal
studies.
Magneton, Inc. (Neshanic Station, Somerset County, 2.3
Employees): Magneton is currently developing single photon
detectors with sub-nanosecond timing resolution for LiDAR (Light
Detection and Ranging) at extremely long distances. These
detectors can create detailed 3D images of objects in varying
atmospheric conditions that are many miles away with millimeter
resolution. Initial applications are for use by the military with
future commercial applications in aerospace, medical imaging,
and automation.
Mycsology Foods Inc. (Princeton Borough, Mercer County, 1.6
Employees): Mycsology Foods is focused on developing a
fermentation technology to produce nutrient-dense ingredients
for use in food manufacturing. This project will involve the study
of prototype products made with fermented legume flours.
NanoNewron, LLC (Union, Union County, 1.7 Employees):
NanoNewron is a NJ based spin-off of Rutgers University and is
developing a new approach to treat Alzheimer’s Disease by
carrying biologics across the blood-brain barrier (BBB) with its
NewroBus technology.
NemaGen Discoveries (Princeton, Mercer County, 3.4
Employees): NemaGen Discoveries is an early phase biotech
company focused on advancing therapies for patients suffering
from allergic inflammation and mast cell-related diseases.
NeuroTechR3 (Warren, Somerset County, 6.3 Employees): NeuroTechR3 is a
start-up health technology company specializing in the development and
distribution of R3THA™, an AI-driven rehabilitation system designed to support
recovery of upper extremity function following neurological injury or conditions
such as stroke or cerebral palsy.
New Wave Wash LLC (East Windsor, Mercer County, 1.9 Employees): New
Wave Wash LLC is developing an all-in-one washing machine designed to
handle large volumes of laundry with enhanced efficiency.
Next Breath Inc. (New Brunswick, Middlesex, 3.6 Employees):  Next Breath
is revolutionizing pulmonary rehabilitation by leveraging machine learning (ML)
to deliver precision care for underserved communities. Their focus is on
improving outcomes for patients with Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease
(COPD) by utilizing advanced risk stratification techniques that integrate both
pulmonary and mental health care.
Novara Solutions Group LLC (Freehold, Monmouth County, 2.3
Employees): Novara Solutions Group LLC, is developing an advanced
emergency tourniquet designed for first responders, military personnel, and
civilian use. This tourniquet integrates telemedicine capabilities to enable faster
emergency response.
NovoPedics Inc. (Princeton, Mercer County, 3 Employees): NovoPedics is
developing MeniscoFix, an innovative new medical device for replacement of a
severely injured knee meniscus, including the meniscal body, rim, and roots.
The clinical goal of MeniscoFix™ is to relieve pain and restore mobility to
patients suffering from severe meniscal injuries. Pre-clinical R&D is ongoing.

7
Plexymer Inc. (Plainfield, Union County, 2.3 Employees):
Plexymer, Inc is a New Jersey startup company which is a spinout
from Rutgers University. Plexymer uses artificial intelligence and
lab automation to formulate proteins and design polymer
materials. Plexymer is developing a fully automated pipeline to
enable rapid drug formulation including the design of novel
polymer excipients for these high-performance formulations.
Plexymer currently operates its experiments out of incubator
space at Princeton Innovation Center Biolabs.
Plumeria Therapeutics (Plainsboro, Middlesex County, 1.1
Employees): The company is developing a diagnostic to predict a
patient's response to a non-opioid pain drug they are developing.
This will enable them to recruit and stratify the appropriate
patients into the next clinical trial and to create a commercial
product for use by physicians to determine if patients with
chronic pain would benefit from the drug.
Rizlab Health Inc. (Princeton, Mercer County, 4.3 Employees):
The company is developing a handheld blood cell analyzer
consisting of an electronic reader and test strip. The white blood
cell analyzer is capable of quantifying WBCs with differentials
(neutrophils and lymphocytes) using a finger prick of blood,
which significantly helps patients with specific treatments to
monitor their WBC counts. Cancer patients on chemotherapy and
schizophrenia patients on Clozapine treatment, are provided with
a reference for physicians to determine whether the patient is
bacterial infected or viral infected and whether to prescribe
antibiotics.
Robossis Inc. (Cherry Hill, Camden County, 1.6 Employees): Robossis is
developing the world’s first surgical robotic platform for orthopedic trauma
surgery. The Robossis system features a 3-arm parallel robot attached to the
fractured bone and its configuration allows for motion in 6 degrees of freedom.
Utilizing surgical navigation, the robot will perfectly align the fractured
segments and hold the fracture stable during fixation. The results will include
shorter operative time, correct limb alignment, fewer operating room personnel
required, reduced reoperations, and improved clinical outcomes.
Saatient Therapeutics Inc. (Cranford, Union County, 1.8 Employees):
Saatient Therapeutics is developing new anti-cancer medicines. Their lead R&D
project is focused on inhibiting the Serum Amyloid A protein with an antibody.  
Sensetics Inc. (Princeton, Mercer County, 1.1 Employees): The company is
developing high resolution fabric-based tactile sensors that capture the
spectrum of modalities of touch experience. They are also working on a similar
platform touch experience with fabrics that recreate realistic experiences of
touch. 
Shams Consulting LLC (Trenton, Mercer County, 1 Employee): The company
focuses on incubating and propelling early-stage life sciences concepts towards
transformative solutions, particularly in the realm of neurological disorders. 
Six Therapeutics Inc. (Flanders, Morris County, 1.4 Employees): The
company’s product is a synthetic, short-chain DNA molecule called a CpG. This
DNA molecule targets and agonizes the TLR9 receptor, a critical receptor in
regulating the innate immune system. The product is being developed for
wound healing applications.
SNOChip Inc. (Plainsboro, Middlesex County, 6.4 Employees): The company
is advancing the technology of optical metasurface by leveraging various wafer
fabrication techniques from the semiconductor industry.

8
Sonder Medicine Incorporated (New Brunswick, Middlesex
County, 35.1 Employees): Sonder Medicine Incorporated, DBA,
Sonder Research X, is an early-stage biotechnology company
performing research and development on cancer liquid biopsy
diagnostics and glaucoma therapeutics.
Spin That Resonates LLP (Hillsborough, Somerset County, 1.1
Employees): Spin That Resonates is developing several products
that are accessories designed to make biomedical imaging
research easier, more reproducible, and more robust. These
candidate products have been used for between 1 and 10 years
already at multiple imaging research centers with great success. 
Targeron Therapeutics LLC (Princeton, Mercer County, 1.6
Employees): Targeron Therapeutics LLC is an early-stage biotech
company focused on developing multifunctional
immunomodulators (biologics) that target disease sites,
particularly solid tumors.  
Tendo Technologies, Inc. (Princeton, Mercer County, 9.9
Employees): Tendo Technologies is developing MEMS-based flow
sensor by developing a new architecture designed to significantly
enhance the robustness and material compatibility of the existing
design.  This leverages MEMS fabrication techniques to produce
highly durable devices. 
Turtle OncoPharma Inc. (Branchburg, Somerset County, 1.1
Employees): The company is developing a slow, sustained, and
local drug release system for the treatment of bladder cancer and
infection. The system consists of an active pharmaceutical agent
(doxorubicin or ciprofloxacin) and silicone tubing. 
Uno Biologics LLC (Edison, Middlesex County, 1.0 Employees): The company
is developing their proprietary technology called U1Switch, which is designed
to improve the performance and safety of oligonucleotide therapeutics (OT)
that is a rapidly advancing field. 
 
Vaneltix Pharma Inc. (New Brunswick, Middlesex County, 2.3 Employees):
Vaneltix is looking to develop a treatment for hemorrhagic cystitis of the
bladder. The treatment will use a proprietary peptide to induce regeneration of
the bladder epithelial wall repairing damage caused by trauma, radition
induced cystitis, chemical induced cystitis or resulting from severe interstitial
cystitis. 
Vitruviae Inc. (Nutley, Essex County, 4.9 Employees): Vitruviae is developing
a proprietary approach that targets sugars and lipids uniquely present on
cancer cells.   These non-mutating targets offer a promising pathway for
effectively eradicating cancer. 
Zena Therapeutics Inc. (North Brunswick, Middlesex, 2.3 Employees): Zena
Therapeutics is a drug discovery company, spun-out of Rutgers University,
designing new medications for mental health and addiction by improving safety
profiles. Currently they are focusing on acute anxiolytic compounds that do not
increase the risk of overdose if taken with other central nervous system
depressing substances such as opioids and alcohol.  
Boomerang Aero Ventures LLC (Lumberton, Morris County, 1.4
Employees): Boomerang Aero Ventures brings together cutting-edge
technologies, aviation industry experience and innovative solutions to create
the next generation of aerospace.
Clean Tech R&D Voucher Company Profiles

9
HempNTech Incorporated (Newfoundland, Morris County, 1.3 Employees):
HempNTech (HNT) is developing a sustainable, high-performance hemp-based
timber substitute (HempTimber). Partnering with AMMI, they will research
advanced resin-hemp formulations and scalable production methods.
Intelligent Material Solutions, Inc. (Princeton, Mercer County, 10.4
Employees): The company focuses on advancing sustainability by developing
rare-earth crystal tracers embedded in plastics and metals for real-time
identification of product composition and recycled content. Intelligent Materials
Solutions (IMS) develops authentication/identification technologies and
specialty applications that leverage their precision-engineered crystals, to meet
challenging customer needs. 
Krell Technologies (Neptune City, Monmouth County, 9.1 Employees): Krell
Technologies is developing advanced polishing and inspection systems for the
photonic and fiber optic industries. Their cutting-edge product line integrates
unique processing features and is configurable for all manufacturing, field and
research applications. 
Krypton Warriors Inc. (Montville, Morris County, 1 Employee): Krypton
Warriors Inc is developing a robot for waste removal suitable for trash
collection.
HiT Nano Inc. (Bordentown, Burlington County, 6.9 Employees): HiT Nano
Inc. develops next generation low cost and high performance Lithium-ion
batteries and energy storage materials using sustainable manufacturing
technologies such as MACHT (Micro-Aerosol Controlled High Temperature
processing).
Cecilia Energy Inc. (Newark, Essex County, 5.7 Employees):
Cecilia Energy is a NASA-backed start-up commercializing a
novel zero-emissions waste plastic to hydrogen and carbon
nanotube technology. Their microwave-assisted reactor unit is at
pilot-scale and they are actively doing scaled-up real-life
operations. 
Clean Green Recycling (Morristown, Morris County, 1
Employee): Clean Green Electronic Recycling is a safe,
environmentally friendly and certified ewaste recycling company
which uses accredited electronic waste recyclers, ones that are
governed by ISO14001 standards.
Coherent Photonics LLC (Plainsboro, Essex County, 1
Employee): Coherent Photonics, LLC has extensive expertise in
the entire cycle of nano-photonics, diffractive and meta-optics
development, from conceptual definition to detailed design,
tolerance analysis, characterization and fabrication support. The
company is developing lightweight photonics that will result in
improved energy efficiency in a variety of products and
application areas, such as wearables, drones, and AI datacenters.
Equation USA LLC (Clifton, Passaic County, 1.1 Employees):
Equation USA minimizes emissions through green chemistry,
sustainable sourcing, and eco-friendly processing in health and
wellness formulations.
EV Edison (Kearny, Hudson County, 2.3 Employees): EV
Edison is a developer and a provider of high-power electric
vehicle fleet charging solutions for Class 4 - 8 electric trucks and
a leading consultant on fleet electrification.

10
Queens Carbon Inc. (Pine Brook, Morris County, 6.3 Employees): Queens
Carbon’s patented approach leverages hydrothermal technology to reduce the
temperature of carbonate mineral processing to less than 1000 F compared
with typical calcination temperatures of greater than 1800 F. Furthermore, this
technology is also capable of producing carbon-neutral cement at less than
1000 F, which is substantially lower than typical cement production
temperatures of over 2700 F. Ultimately, this temperature reduction enables the
use of renewable energy technologies and decreases the cost requirements for
carbon emissions avoidance and capture. This technology will enable billions-
of-tons-scale decarbonization and defossilization of the chemical industry
without compromising on cost or product performance.
Still Bright, Inc. (Newark, Essex County, 7.1 Employees): The company is
powering a faster, cleaner, and more abundant copper supply. Their R&D is
focused on offering a sustainable alternative to smelting, the extraction method
used to produce ~70% of copper globally. 
Swind Power LLC (Princeton Junction, Mercer County, 1 Employee):
SWIND is developing a new innovative concept of Vertical Axis Turbine (VAT).
Their technology takes turbines to a new level by analyzing existing rotor
designs and harvesting fluid (Wind, Water etc.) energy. SWIND embodies
inspirations from drag driven principals utilizing sail-type configuration.
Zolx, Inc. (East Brunswick, Middlesex County, 1.1 Employees):  Zolx is
transforming the world’s emissions into valuable, sustainable products that
actively reduce the collective carbon footprint. By harnessing the power of
biotechnology, fermentation, and green chemistry, they convert aquatic
biomass into high-value materials—ranging from food to renewable biobased
chemicals and biofuels.
Mallika Ashwin Maya Corporation (Bridgewater, Somerset
County, 2.3 Employees): M.A.M. Inc. serves clients in the high
frequency power electronics space with energy efficient systems,
components, and solutions. They focus on Micro grid demonstration
using the Vanadium Flow Battery as Long duration energy storage
system (LDES) in the network.
Materium Technologies LLC (Summit, Union County, 1.7
Employees): Materium Technologies is rapidly evolving and growing,
refining our advanced machine learning models to optimize material
selection for clean energy applications.
NanoSepex Inc. (Bridgewater, Somerset County, 2.4 Employees):
NanoSepex is developing cutting-edge membrane separation
technologies designed to tackle critical challenges in solvent recovery
and environmental remediation. Much of the low concentration
solvent wastes from pharmaceutical, paints, and petrochemical
companies in New Jersey are incinerated leading to significant CO2
emissions.
Nascent Materials Inc. (Short Hills, Essex County, 2.3 Employees):
Nascent Materials is a battery cathode manufacturing startup
company part of the accelerator program HAX, based in Newark, NJ.
Nascent is scaling a portfolio of durable, low-cost, and safe cathode
chemistries to support the EV, grid storage, and industrial markets.
Pollux Technologies LLC DBA Lumiaq (East Brunswick, Middlesex
County, 5.2 Employees): Lumiaq is developing an accurate air filter
monitoring technology using optical sensors based on two issued US
patents 10,864,471 and 11,235,272. The technology will contribute to
reducing waste, increasing energy efficiency, and better public health
by increasing indoor air quality. The technology will significantly
reduce filter waste by an estimated 151 million filters per year.

11
AuresTech Incorporated (Branchburg, Somerset County, 2.9
Employees): AuresTech specializes in cutting-edge research and
development in the fields of wireless communication and navigation
technologies. With a focus on advancing high-performance wireless
networks, the company explores innovative solutions for seamless
connectivity, efficient data transmission, and enhanced signal reliability.
Couragene Inc. (Edison, Middlesex County, 5.7 Employees):
Couragene's STEP (Stimuli-responsive Traceless Engineering Platform)
technology has demonstrated great potential to overcome the delivery
hurdles for treatment of various diseases, including neurogenetic
disorders.
Coherent Photonics LLC (Plainsboro, Essex County, 1 Employee):
Coherent Photonics, LLC has extensive expertise in the entire cycle of
nano-photonics, The company is developing lightweight photonics that
will result in improved energy efficiency in a variety of products and
application areas, such as wearables, drones, and AI datacenters.
Impact Business Information Solutions, Inc. (Princeton, Mercer
County, 7.1 Employees): The company develops software solutions for
life sciences and health sciences, focusing primarily on medical imaging
and AI enablement and operationalization.
Direct Funding ($25K)
SBIR/STTR Direct Financial Assistance
Company Profiles
Jason Rahimzadeh DBA CyroScope Medical (Wantage, Sussex
County, 2.0 Employees): CryoScope medical is developing a
cryotherapeutic medical device for the treatment of esophageal
disease. CryoScope Medical’s patented single-use ablation device
allows the physician to trans-nasally pass into the esophagus, enabling
unsedated cryoablation. Cryoablation is unique in that the therapy has
an analgesic effect on tissues and reduces reliance on narcotics post-
procedure, compared to Radio Frequency Ablation (RFA). 
Kathera Bioscience Inc. (Union, Union County, 5.5 Employees):
Kathera Bioscience, Inc. is a biotech startup company developing much
needed, novel, broad spectrum small molecule antifungal drugs
against new enzyme targets for which there are not currently FDA or
EMA approved drugs. The company currently has two antifungal
programs in different stages of preclinical Research & Development
(R&D).
Lactiga US, Inc. (North Brunswick, Middlesex County, 2.3
Employees): Lactiga is a biotechnology company developing novel
mucosal antibodies derived from human breastmilk to improve the
lives of vulnerable, immunocompromised populations. The company
specializes in secretory IgA (sIgA)-based therapeutics, utilizing
proprietary technologies to develop targeted treatments for infectious
and inflammatory diseases.
Myracle Therapeutics, Inc. (East Hanover, Morris County, 1.6
Employees): Myracle Therapeutics is a preclinical stage company
developing small molecules against novel targets in adipocytes to
treat obesity and metabolic related diseases. Our lead program is a
genetically validated target that regulates intracellular signaling
resulting in metabolic reprogramming of adipose for durable weight
loss and metabolic health.

12
NeuroPair Inc. (Princeton, Mercer County, 2.1 Employees): NeuroPair
is an early-stage medical device company aiming to regenerate and re-
connect neurons after spinal cord injury. It uses an injectable gel
formulation that includes magnetically aligning nanoparticles to create a
fiber scaffold in the injury site that supports neuronal growth while the
directionally aligned fibers guide the regrowth. 
NanoSepex Inc. (Newark, Essex County, 2.4 Employees): NanoSepex
Inc. is a NJ based small business focusing on research and development
of nanomaterial modified membranes and filtration systems for
applications in solvent recovery from dilute waste solutions, removal of
solvent contaminants from contaminated Superfund sites and zero liquid
discharge.
Plexymer Inc. (Plainfield, Union County, 2.3 Employees): Plexymer, Inc
is a New Jersey startup company which is a spinout from Rutgers
University. Plexymer uses artificial intelligence and lab automation to
formulate proteins and design polymer materials. Plexymer is developing
a fully automated pipeline to enable rapid drug formulation including the
design of novel polymer excipients for these high-performance
formulations. Plexymer currently operates its experiments out of
incubator space at Princeton Innovation Center Biolabs.
Pumpkin Baby Inc. (Lawrenceville, Mercer County, 6.7 Employees):
PumpKinBaby is a Princeton University Spin-Out revolutionizing
breastmilk research and developing easy to use solutions for pumping
parents. 
Ricovr Healthcare Inc. (Princeton, Mercer County, 6.9 Employees):
Ricovr is developing a point-of-care (POC) test for detecting THC in saliva
for determination of recent cannabis use. This test employs a novel
Plasmonic fiber-optic absorbance biosensor (P-FAB) and gold
nanoparticles conjugated to anti-THC antibody (Ab-AuNP) to perform a
rapid competitive immunoassay.
AuresTech Inc. (Branchburg, Somerset County, 2 Employees):
AuresTech develops advanced systems that provide secure, resilient
communication and navigation technologies for the DoD. It has been
awarded and executed STTR Phase 1 for the Army to develop a
revolutionary way for existing communication systems to use the same
spectrum used by other users without interfering with them.
Academic Web Pages Inc. (Beach Haven, Ocean County, 3.4
Employees): The company is a research-backed SaaS platform that
manages and scales evidence-based mentoring and career
development programs for postsecondary institutions, nonprofits, and
workforce organizations. 
Fria, Inc. (Avenel, Middlesex County, 1.4 Employees): Fria Inc. is a
revolutionizing, fem-tech innovation that creates wearable cooling
accessories to alleviate the discomfort of hot flashes and overheating.
Fuceltech Inc. (Princeton Junction, Mercer County, 6.9 Employees):
Fuceltech DBA Princeton Innotech does research on a new type of
diode laser for atomic sensors using their basic approach of Vertical
Cavity Surface Emitting Lasers.
High Throughput Biology Inc. (Summit, Union County, 2.3
Employees): High Throughput Biology Inc. has developed a next-
generation authentication technology to put a stop to the proliferation
of cyber crimes including ransomware attacks. With the superior
synthetic DNA-based, three-factor authentication solution, they enable
businesses and organizations to achieve unprecedented cybersecurity.
Bridge Funding ($50K)

13
Inaedis, Inc. (Princeton, Mercer County, 3.2 Employees): Inaedis Inc., a
pioneering Princeton University spin-out, is revolutionizing vaccine and
biologic drug stability and cold chain logistics. Their mission is to deliver
health via high-quality powdered, room-temperature stable vaccines and
biological drugs.
Magneton, Inc. (Branchburg, Somerset County, 1.1 Employees):
Magneton is a developer and manufacturer of single photon avalanche
detectors (SPADs) which are highly sensitive semiconductor devices capable
of sensing light at levels as minute as a single photon. 
NanoNewron LLC (Union, Union County, 1.1 Employees): NanoNewron,
a NJ based spin-off of Rutgers University, is developing a new approach to
treat Alzheimer’s Disease by carrying biologics across the blood-brain
barrier with its NewroBus technology.
NovoPedics Inc. (Princeton, Mercer County, 2.9 Employees): NovoPedics
is a medical device start-up company developing MeniscoFix™, a single use
medical device. It is designed to mimic the architecture and biomechanical
properties of the native meniscus, serve as a load sharing device following
implantation, and gradually resorb and support development of functional
neo-meniscus tissue.
Owlfly LLC (Kingwood Township, Hunterdon County, 2.6 Employees):
Owlfly’s mission is to develop cutting-edge sustainable technologies. They
are currently working to develop a new type of safe, effective, and
affordable thermal insulation for buildings.
Pollux Technologies, LLC (Piscataway, Middlesex County, 4.0
Employees): Pollux Technologies (D/B/A Lumiaq) located at 35 Berrue
Circle, Piscataway, NJ 08854 is an early-stage startup company
developing accurate air filter monitoring technology using optical
sensors based on two issued US patents (10,864,471 and 11,235,272).
The technology will contribute to reducing waste and cleaning the
environment. 
SNOChip (Plainsboro, Middlesex County, 6.4 Employees): SNOChip
Inc designs and makes micro- and nano-optics based on optical
metasurface technology. 
Spectronn (Red Bank, Monmouth County, 1.1 Employees) Spectronn is
engaged in dual-use trusted multimodal AI for geospatial intelligence
R&D and product development.
ZSX Medical (Moorestown, Burlington County, 2.9 Employees): ZSX
Medical is a clinical-stage medical device company located in
Moorestown, New Jersey that is developing Zip-stitch®, a surgical
closure platform designed specifically for closing internal surgical
incisions in laparoscopic hysterectomy. Zip-stitch consists of a series of
attachable clips and a reusable stainless-steel applicator.

NJCSIT.GOV